All right, so the first thing I'm gonna do
is to create a new file called observable.
And in here first we're just going to
create an empty array with the observers.
And then we're just going to experts and
Objects.
Now I'm just going to freeze it.
You don't have to,
I just like to do that to make sure
that we don't accidentally change it.
And the first method that we
wanna add is to subscribe.
So this one takes a function and
we are pushing that function
to the observers array.
And then the second one is notify.
And in this one we have the data and
we want to notify all
the observers within this array.
So we can do observer stuff for
each observer.
And we invoke these
observers with the data.
Now we can import this observable,
for example, in the NRES, so
we can use,
I'm just going to change this real quick.
Us import Observable, from observable.
And instead of invoking these methods
I can say, Observable.notify data.
And same for the other one.
Now the only thing I have to change
here is in analytics I also have to
import this observable, so
import Observable from observable.
And here I just have to subscribe
these methods because we want to
invoke these methods when we notify them,
are the observable.
So Observable.subscribe
since you analytics
Observable.subcribe, custom analytics,
and then Observable.subscribe,
sendtoEmail.
Subscribe, all right, so
right now when we click on the button,
the observable gets notified
with the data that we pass here.
So let's see if our observer
is that a function?
Let me just refresh this real quick.
Yeah, so this was just stackless thing, I
have to refresh it so the error goes away.
But now when we invoke the observer,
you can see that it has
the exact same results.
We log data to this fake
analytics provider.
But instead of invoking all these methods
here on the event listener we just have to
say observable.notify.